- I'm sorry, Bell.
For making you waste valuable
Mind energy to start a fire.
- Hey. Something small like
that doesn't take much.
How strange. There
are no monsters.
- [Ryu] It's been a
while since we saw one
and I don't sense any nearby.
Not even any breathing.
Anyway. Again, I'm sorry.
- [Bell] Um, I should
be the one to apologize.
- [Ryu] Hm? For what?
- For getting you all wet
when I passed out in
the river before.
- [Ryu] You don't need
to worry about it.
Right now, we need to focus on
getting these wet clothes off
and warming ourselves up.
Given our current state of
exhaustion,
it could be fatal for us
to let our body temperatures
drop too low.
- Yeah. You're right.
- This whole situation is
extremely uncomfortable.
I can't believe
we're nearly naked
in the middle of the Dungeon.
- [Bell] H-here you go.
- No, you should
probably keep it.
- [Bell] But it's
yours, Miss Ryu.
- [Ryu] You need to
let your body heal.
I can't use it!
- I'd rather you ha-
- Don't worry, I promise my
eyes are completely closed.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
(Opening Theme)
(fire crackling)
- [Ryu Voiceover] I don't
understand.
I feel unusually aware of his
presence.
It wasn't even this
bad when he spied on us
in the bath that one time, but.
- S-sorry!
- It's fine, I'm the one
who should apologize.
This is neither the time nor
place to feel embarrassed.
Right. We cannot afford to
get distracted right now.
So Bell, I need you to be
honest with me about something.
- Uh, sure thing,
ask whatever you want.
- Why'd you come back for
me anyway? At the Colosseum.
One wrong step, and...
No, even in the perfect
scenario, we both could have
died.
Anyway, did you already know
that there was a room
right under the Colosseum?
- [Bell] No.
- Then why in the
world did you do it?
- Easy. I cannot
let anyone else die.
That was the only
thing on my mind.
- He's telling the truth.
It wasn't calculated. There
was no ulterior motive.
His goal was to save
my life, nothing more.
Uh. Hey, Bell.
Can I tell you the story?
- Huh?
- Of what happened to us,
the Astrea Familia,
on that fateful day?
It would mean a lot. if
you knew what happened.
- Of course.
- And well then,
that's how it ended.
That man, the tamer.
What Jura said about
slaughtering my friends.
My life, was spared
in exchange for those
in my Familia.
It was so unfair.
So. That's why I...
- Well then. I guess you've
got to go on without them, huh?
It's clear they
were important to you,
and they fought hard because
they wanted you to survive.
Even a dummy like
me can see that.
If you were to die
now, Miss Ryu.
I bet Miss Alise and the rest
of your friends would be mad.
- My chest feels warm.
But my body feels icy cold.
Um. Bell...
- Go on.
- I-I think we ought to
consider, skin-to-skin contact.
(Bell gasps)
W-well, our current method is
proving to be i-ineffective.
(Bell gasping)
S-so if you really
want the both of us
to make it home, then...
We need to increase
our body heat
by huddling close together!
Now's not the time to be shy.
Hurry up.
before it's too late, we could
very likely freeze to death!
- B-but, you're an Elf,
Miss Ryu and, uh.
- You don't need
to worry about that.
If it's an emergency,
Elves would do anything,
even hug a Dwarf!
- Huh! Wait, really?
(Bell grunts)
- Yes. Perhaps.
- Ah.
- But, but, uh, Bell um.
You, um, have to
promise not to uh,
have any indecent thoughts.
- What?
- Because if you do, I
might accidentally slap you.
O-or, um, maybe punch you in the
face.
Th-that's not to say I
think you'd be attracted
to a body like mine.
I-it's just, er, w-well, I...
Huh?
(Bell laughing)
Hey. What's so funny, Bell?
- Sorry! (laughs) I'm a
little relieved, is all.
You haven't changed
a bit, Miss Ryu.
Uh, so then, how
should we do this?
Hugging each other
might be kind of awkward
since we're not wearing any
clothes, and, uh, also, um,
Huh?
- That's fine by me.
(Bell gasping)
(gentle music)
- Are you warm now? Did it help?
(Ryu sighs)
- Yes, very.
- [Bell] Good.
- [Ryu] Yeah.
- Um, Miss Ryu?
Guess I never, never
realized how small you are.
- I don't think I'm that
much shorter than you,
if I'm being honest.
- Oh, uh, yeah I know that.
That's not what I meant.
- What did you mean?
- Actually, never mind.
- No, tell me.
- B-but. I shouldn't.
- Spit it out.
- It's, just that...
- Say it!
- You're petite,
and your skin is soft.
I was like, Well,
duh, she's a woman.
- Huh.
- Whenever guys say
that they have the urge
to protect a woman, I
think I understand why.
- You're being, unfair.
(Ryu sighs)
- [Bell] Miss Ryu?
- [Ryu] Yes?
- [Bell] What do you want
to do when you get home?
- The thing I want the most.
Is to eat some of Mama Mia's
cooking.
- Ah! Me, too.
We should go to the tavern
together.
- But I'm sure, Everyone will
yell at me
before I get a chance
to enjoy it,
I'll get an earful
the second I get back.
- Yeah.
Probably true.
- What about you?
- Easy. Welf, Lili, Miss
Mikoto, Miss Haruhime.
I want to walk home with them,
to see Goddess Hestia.
Tell her, I'm back.
- I see. That sounds nice.
Be sure to cherish your Familia.
- [Bell] I will. Just like you.
They'll always be special to me.
How's your leg?
- Let's see here.
The bones are slightly
misaligned,
but at the very least, I should
be able to walk on my own.
Okay, are you
feeling alright, Bell?
- Sure am! I think that I've
gotten most of my strength back.
- In all likelihood,
this is the only oasis
on the 37th Floor.
If we wanted to, we could rest
here for as long as we like.
The problem is,
there's no food supply.
- Yeah.
- Besides...
I've pretty much done
everything in my power,
to try and mend your left
arm, but you won't be making
a full recovery until
we reach the surface.
- I see.
- [Ryu] The Dungeon doesn't
allow those who choose
to languish in its depths
to return home alive.
Whenever you're ready,
we should get going.
- Sounds like a plan.
That moment may have
been a one-time thing.
But, it'll be with me forever.
Let's move.
- Roger!
So does that mean we're
standing in uncharted territory?
- In the sense that it's never
been recorded on a map, yes.
And well,
there's something
about this place,
it seems kinda peculiar
for some reason.
- You see these flowers?
I've never come
across them before.
They don't look like anything
in the Dungeon field guide
at the Guild.
- Could be the only
vegetation that grows here,
in the White Palace.
(Ryu sniffs)
Bell. check it out.
- Uh, okay.
(Bell sniffs)
Oh, wow! Smells sweet!
- I know it's just
a small little thing.
But it can still make
you feel better.
- Uh-huh!, Yeah I think
it did!, Thank you!
(foreboding music)
A dead end.
Maybe we shouldn't have
come this way, you think?
- Look up there.
Those rocks. Their
composition is different.
(Bell grunts)
(knife clangs)
(rock cracking)
Okay, we are on
the 37th Floor now.
- Miss Ryu. Look over there.
- [Ryu] I sense it,
too. Monsters are close.
- We're back, aren't
we? In the real Dungeon.
(footsteps crunching)
(suspenseful music)
We still haven't
seen any monsters.
- I must admit, the
silence is rather eerie.
Let's enjoy it while we
can. Stay on your toes.
- Roger.
(suspenseful music continues)
(both gasp)
Miss Ryu, am I seeing things.?
- No. It's one of
the Great Rings.
This path. It's the normal
route, I'm certain of it.
The wall is an ashen gray.
Which means one thing.
It's the Fourth Ring.
- So, if we can make it
past that wall, then?
- [Ryu] All that's left
is the Fifth Wall.
And once we cross that,
it's a straight shot
to the 36th Floor's
adjoining tunnel.
- Let's keep going!
- Okay.
- Finally. Luck's on our side.
No, that's not it, it's not
luck.
We kept pushing, we kept
fighting,
and our hard work paid off.
(melancholy music)
We can make it home.
And we will.
To the surface.
To all our friends.
Both me and Miss Ryu.
(both gasp)
- Do you feel that, too?
- I do. Something isn't right.
I don't see any monsters.
But I can sense it.
A bloodthirsty malevolence
closing in on us.
(ominous music)
(object thuds)
(Bell gasps)
(both gasp)
(monster growls)
(tense music)
(monster growling)
The Juggernaut,
it's right there.
(Ryu panting)
Was it waiting for us?
Here?
At the very last obstacle
keeping us from the 36th Floor.
It's got it's arm back?
But I, I'm positive
I sliced it off
the last time I fought it!
What IS that?
A Skull Sheep?!
- It can't be.
- Did it devour, another
monster?
- But that's not possible.
How could it do that?
(monster growling)
(tense music)
(Bell gasps)
(Bell grunts)
- That's not just a Skull Sheep.
That looks like the
flesh of a Barbarian!
And those are, the
bones of a Spartoi!
(monster eyes zapping)
(Bell grunts)
The rest of its
tail grew back, too.
Those look like Lizardman
scales on the outside!
(monster growls)
It ate a bunch of
different monsters
and fused them with its body!
Almost like some
sort of chimera!
(Bell grunts)
(Bell yells)
It's slower than before.
I can follow its movements!
Don't panic. At this
rate, I can take it down-
(Bell gasps)
(Bell grunts)
Spikes!
It can attack like a Skull
Sheep, too?
(Ryu gasps)
(tense music continues)
(Bell grunts)
It's compensating for
its slower speed
with these new abilities!
(spikes rattling)
(Bell panting)
- My body's frozen.
This is a disaster. A
nightmare come to life.
But I can't give up. I
don't want to lose him!
Anyone but Bell!
(Ryu gasps)
- Miss Ryu!
(monster growls)
(ominous music)
(claw thudding)
(both grunt)
- Impossible. That attack
belongs to the Floor Boss,
Udaeus!
(Bell gags)
You hurt?
(Bell groaning)
(Ryu gasps)
- Fire Bolt!
(Bell screams in pain)
(monster growling)
(Ryu grunts)
(tense music continues)
(Ryu grunting)
(monster growling)
(monsters hissing)
- [Ryu] More monsters.
But it's the only choice
we've got!
(monsters growling)
(spikes thudding)
(Ryu grunting)
We're out of range!
(monster growling)
(Ryu grunts)
I'll use my healing magic.
(magical buzzing)
It's too late. We're done for.
Bell and I have lost
too much blood.
(somber music)
We may have survived for this
long, but it's all over now.
(Bell coughing)
Bell!
- Miss Ryu?
- Yes, it's me. I'm right here.
- And the, Juggernaut?
- Don't you worry. It's gone.
We're safe.
Okay? So, just rest up.
- Guess it must've given
up, on catching us.
- Yeah.
- That means we can go
home, right? Both of us.
Back to Miss Syr and,
the others.
- Yeah. We're going home,
we'll be there soon.
(somber music continues)
Bell.
- [Bell] Yeah?
- Can you hold me, one last
time?
(Bell grunts)
(gentle music)
So warm.
I feel closer to him than
anyone else in the world
at least for right now.
Who would have thought
the final moments
of a fruitless death
could be so sweet?
I'm glad we're together.
Bell, I need to get
some rest, for a bit.
- Yeah, Please.
I'll wake you up soon.
(Ryu breathes softly)
It's for the best.
Poor Miss Ryu. She's already
been through so much.
Please, let her
have sweet dreams.
At least until it's all over.
(Bell grunting)
(dramatic music)
My entire body is
screaming in pain.
But...
As long as I can feel
the pain. I can move!
(Bell grunting weakly)
Don't you worry Miss
Ryu, I WILL protect you!
(Ending Theme)
Next time: Luvia.